                              TECFORM ADMIN

Tecform 2.0 now comes with a new admin function, that allows an administrator
to do some finetuning on tecform, using http.
When you install tecform, the install script asks you for a password for 
admin, when you ask your www server for '/cgi-bin/tecform.pl/admin/'
tecform will ask you for a password, and will than give you the posibility
to do some finetuning.

A verry important variable you want to set is 'AdminHost' it is a regular 
expression for the machines from who you can use the admin function, try 
to set this as strictly as posible to make sure you are the only one using
admin.

Next tecform has some switches that you can turn on or off, they are all
chosen in such a way that 'off' is the default value:

DisableEnv	Disable enviroment substitutions in Templates, this option
                should be turned on if you think enviroment variables
                should not be available to the mail accounts you support.
DenyDebug	This turns off the TECForm debug switch globaly.
DisableInfo	When a multipart mime is defined, but only one template is
                specified, TECForM mis-uses this to send a litle info about
                itself in a second bodypart, you can disable this.
UserlistActive 	This switch tels tecform to use the regular expressions
                in the userlist to determine if a e-mail adress can be used
                to send mail to.
UserlistPlain	This switch tels TECForM to not see the userlist as 
                regular expressions but as a small list of users
RefererCheck	This option tels TECForM to use the regular expressions in
                the refererlist to set a list of places the html form might
                be submitted from.
DenyRefLess	This option tels TECForM to deny all requests that don't
                have a referer. This makes the RefererCheck option act
                verry strictly at the expense of older or simple
                browsers.


The last but probably most important function for comercial exploitation  
of tecform is the list of regular expressions to determine what e-mail 
adressses are valid to mail to. 
There is a litle document on regular expressions in this directory, 
and i must sugest you will look at that.
If you turn the userlist switch on, tecform checks the list of regular 
expressions to see if a mail adress is allowed.
An example, supose you want to be able to mail to everyone in 
my.domain.com and his.domain.com, and you want to permit one specific
person with e-mail she@her.domain.com, you just put the following lines
in your list:

.*@my\.domain\.com
.*@his\.domain\.com
^she@her\.domain\.com

In the same way as the userlist you could use the referer list.


HEADER

A part that isn't yet in the admin function is the HEADER, if you want to 
make the standard reply from TECForM a litle more exiting you should
edit the html text of data/HEADER, that way you can make a custumized reply
header for your site.
