This script is a versitile form processing script, it allows the
creator of a form to generate a mail of the exact form he wishes.
This script can take away the desire and the need to allow users
to run their own cgi programs in manny cases where the user would
want to create a simple cgi to process form data (and i am 
convinced these are most cases). The form should contain a couple
of fixed (hidden) fields:

mlto         The (local) user the mail should be send to 
mlneeded     A line containing the fields of which one should be
             filled in. Each of these lines submitted should 
             contain at least one field that is filled in.
mlokurl,     The url or text that is taken when the fields all exist
mloktxt      and al regular expresions set for the fields
             match 
mlerrurl,    The url or text that is taken if some fields are missing.
mlerrtxt             
mltemplate   A template for the mail that is to be sent.
             This field contains the structure of the mail that 
             is to be sent. It contains fieldnames that are to be 
             filled in between '@{' and '}@'
mlmultipart  The multipart Mime type the mail should be send as.
mlencoding   The type of encoding for the body parts 
             (binary,8bit,7bit,quoted-printable,base64)
        
Next to these hidden fields there are some fields that can be 
either hidden or can be used as input fields in the form.
First there are header fields, that are used in the header of
the E-Mail,header fields start with: 'mlheader_'.
The person creating the form can freely choose all other fields
he wishes to use. These fields should not however start with 'ml'.
Both the 'POST' and the 'GET' method can be user with this script. 
The 'POST' method is recomended, for some WWW browsers seem to have a 
strange limmit to the amount of data that can be used with the 'GET' method.

As from version 2.0 of tecform the posibility exists to specify regular
expresions for input fields, by means ot the naming of the field.
This may lead to some incompatibilities with forms made for earlier versions
of TECForM. It now is also posible to define multiple error documents for
both mlneeded and regex errors, this is done by numbering both the errors
and the regex and mlneeded fields. The numbers may range from 00 to 99,
and if more than one error ocurs the highest number is chosen.

As of the 2.0 version it is posible to leave out the mltemplate when TECForM
is used together with the client program TECBase, when using TECBase templating
is done on the client side, so when you are using TECBase client, al you need
to do is include a field 'mltecbase' with the value set to the name of the
TECBase template. At the moment this document was written TECBase was stil
in the development phase, to check on the current state of TECBase look
on the TECForm homepage at http://www.xs4all.nl/~rmeijer.
For an example of a mail form see the example dir.

